grade submission
Self is a dragon axe
I used to know the art of witchcraft
Before you do it
A death row inmate can be arranged
Expose that someone cursed His Majesty with a witch bone
Your Majesty takes advantage of the situation to make the heart less strict
Then smash down King Rongqing with a Hongmen banquet
Search Rongqing Palace
Dig up dolls
Even if the evidence is there
King Rong Qin has a hundred mouths
The mouth of the condemned prisoner
It will also become His Majesty's sharpest knife
To solve the problem
Fortunately, Lamb Birth Virus Kung Fu
Fortunately, the lamb is mine
If the rebellious thieves get it
Then I'm in danger
I'm afraid the imperial power will protect the weak
The country is not guaranteed
The plan you mentioned
No problem.
But Prince Rong did not die
Does cutting grass not get rid of it and the spring breeze blows again?
Your Majesty, you have misunderstood the meaning
Misunderstand your majesty
Have you ever remembered the household of Nie Men who assessed the ministers in the court?
You mean Shouzhu.
Waiting for Prince Rabbit Dragon to be thrown into prison
His men will surely save
His Majesty can set up a mansion in Tianjiao to defeat all his emperors
As for Prince Rong, he is unhappy
I am deeply sorry for the trust of His Majesty and the late Emperor
Leave a suicide note
Is that reasonable too?
I know.
Let me think about it.
The stakes are high.
Can't walk, half the wind
otherwise
Kill without mercy